Adding SEO keywords and description to docs: concepts (#204)
openebs/website: docs/versioned_docs/version-2.11.0/concepts/localpv.md

---
id: localpv
title: OpenEBS Local PV
keywords: 
  - Local PV
  - OpenEBS Local PV

> description: This document provides you with a brief explanation of OpenEBS Local PV, Quick Start Guides, and when to use OpenEBS Local PV and when not to use OpenEBS Local PV and it's limitaions. 

Reviewer: Type in limitations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: This document provides you with a brief explanation of OpenEBS Local PV, quick start guides, and when to use OpenEBS Local PV, and when not to use OpenEBS Local PV and its limitations. 
```

Author: Fixed. Thank you
